#Erebus Localization File

#Blocks
tile.portalErebus.name=Erebus Portal
tile.blockAmber.0.name=Amber
tile.blockAmber.1.name=Amber Bricks
tile.blockAmber.2.name=Amber Glass
tile.tree_mahogany.name=Mahogany Wood
tile.leaves_mahogany.name=Mahogany Leaves
tile.tree_eucalyptus.name=Eucalyptus Wood
tile.leaves_eucalyptus.name=Eucalyptus Leaves
tile.cobbleWebbed.name=Webbed Cobblestone
tile.blockSilk.name=Silk
tile.wood_mahogany.name=Mahogany Planks
tile.wood_eucalyptus.name=Eucalyptus Planks
tile.stairsMahogany.name=Mahogany Stairs
tile.stairsEucalyptus.name=Eucalyptus Stairs
tile.mirbrick.name=Mirbrick
tile.spiderSpawner.name=Spider Spawner
tile.blockSpiderSilk.name=Silk
tile.thorns.name=Thorns
tile.erebusFern.name=Fern
tile.tree_acacia.name=Acacia Wood
tile.leaves_acacia.name=Acacia Leaves
tile.sapling_mahogany.name=Sapling
tile.tallgrass.name=Tall Grass
tile.wood_acacia.name=Acacia Planks
tile.quickSand.name=Quicksand
tile.blockScree.name=Dry Scree
tile.brickScree.name=Scree Brick
tile.log_acacia.name=Rotten Acacia Wood
tile.log_acacia.name=Rotten Acacia Wood
tile.umberstone.0.name=Umberstone
tile.oreBlockU.2.name=Gold Ore
tile.oreBlockU.1.name=Iron Ore
tile.oreBlockU.0.name=Coal Ore
tile.oreBlockU.3.name=Lapis Ore
tile.oreBlockU.4.name=Diamond Ore
tile.oreBlockU.5.name=Emerald Ore
tile.oreBlockU.6.name=Jade Ore
tile.oreFossil_U.name=Fossil Ore
tile.umberstone.1.name=Umbercobble
tile.umberstone.2.name=Mossy Umbercobble
tile.umberstone.3.name=Webbed Umbercobble
tile.sapling_mahogany.0.name=Mahogany Sapling
tile.sapling_mahogany.1.name=Eucalyptus Sapling
tile.sapling_mahogany.2.name=Acacia Sapling
tile.bambooCrate.name=Bamboo Crate

#Items
item.beetleLarvaRaw.name=Beetle Larva
item.beetleLarvaCooked.name=Cooked Beetle Larva
item.cricketLegRaw.name=Cricket Leg
item.cricketLegCooked.name=Cooked Cricket Leg
item.plateExo.name=Exoskeleton Plate
item.helmetExo.name=Exoskeleton Helmet
item.chestplateExo.name=Exoskeleton Chestplate
item.leggingsExo.name=Exoskeleton Leggings
item.bootsExo.name=Exoskeleton Boots
item.portalActivator.name=Portal Activator
item.shardBone.name=Bone Shard
item.clubBone.name=Caveman's Club
item.maxSpeedBow.name=MaxSpeed Bow
item.legTarantulaRaw.name=Tarantula Paw
item.legTarantulaCooked.name=Crispy Tarantula Paw
item.turnips.name=Turnips
item.helmetJade.name=Jade Helmet
item.chestplateJade.name=Jade Chestplate
item.leggingsJade.name=Jade Leggings
item.bootsJade.name=Jade Boots
item.swordJade.name=Jade Sword
item.pickaxeJade.name=Jade Pickaxe
item.axeJade.name=Jade Axe
item.shovelJade.name=Jade Shovel
item.paxelJade.name=Jade Paxel
item.hoeJade.name=Jade Hoe
item.compoundEyes.name=Compound Eyes
item.compoundLens.name=Compound Goggle Lens
item.compoundGoggles.name=Compound Goggles
item.flyWing.name=Fly Wing

#Entities
entity.BeetleLarva - Erebus.name=Beetle Larva
entity.Wasp - Erebus.name=Wasp
entity.Centipede - Erebus.name=Centipede
entity.Beetle - Erebus.name=Beetle
entity.Fly - Erebus.name=Fly
entity.Mosquito - Erebus.name=Mosquito
entity.Tarantula - Erebus.name=Tarantula
entity.VelvetWorm - Erebus.name=Velvet Worm

#Other
itemGroup.erebus=The Erebus
container.bambooCrate=Bamboo Crate
container.colossalCrate=Bamboo Crate